# Quick SSVEP

Use it at: https://omids.github.io/quickssvep/

Quick SSVEP is a web-based application that provides easy to setup SSVEP (Steady State Visually Evoked Potential) stimulation interfaces. When a stimulus in the visual field flashes at a certain frequency, there will be an increase in the brain activity over the visual cortex at that frequency (and possibly its harmonics), which is called an SSVEP. This phenomenon provides a straightforward way to design a Brain-Computer Interface (BCI). In an SSVEP-based BCI, different choices shown on the display flash at different known frequencies. When the user looks at the intended choice, the Electroencephalogram (EEG) shows an increase in activity at the flashing frequency of that choice. The BCI can process the EEG, detect the frequency that shows increased activity and thus detect the intended choice of the subject. It can then actuate the command associated with the choice, e.g. typing a letter, switching a light, etc. A fundamental property of such BCI design is that the stimulator which is showing the flashing choices, does not have to be communicating with the signal processor (in contrast to for example ERP based BCIs), thus allowing the two software components to be decoupled. This application provides a stand-alone web-based SSVEP stimulator that can run on any modern web browser (although Google Chrome is used in development and is recommended for best performance). As of the first version, the application supports text-based choices, with customizable flashing frequency.

Note: The performance of the stimulator (the exact frequency of stimulations) highly depends on the machine and the web browser running it. It is not intended for rigorous academic use, rather it is a fast solution to test simple SSVEP setups.

In case you find Quick SSVEP useful and would like to cite it, please visit: https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.595534
